Add New Featured Artist: aran newspost (#7622)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-07-09-new-featured-artist-aran.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: aran"
date: 2022-07-09 10:00:00 +0000
---

Are you ready for the challenge that is **aran**, our latest Featured Artist?

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/282/header.jpg)

For many years, the foundational, genre-defying tunes of **aran** laid claim to one of the greatest challenges osu! has ever known in [rustbell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/227717)'s much beloved set for [Graces of Heaven](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/147910), which shook the beatmapping world to its core back in 2016. Beyond that, fans of *beatmania IIDX*, *jubeat* and *SOUND VOLTEX* are likely already familiar with the aural glory that encompasses his creations.

> Ever since, **aran**'s work has woven itself into the musical and cultural heart of osu! across a variety of remixes and original tracks, and it is now our absolute delight to announce today that **20** new tracks from him are now enshrined in our Featured Artist library forever more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ever since, **aran**'s work has woven itself into the musical and cultural heart of osu! across a variety of remixes and original tracks, and it is now our absolute delight to announce today that **20** new tracks from him are now enshrined in our Featured Artist library forevermore.
```

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/282/Songs/aran%20-%20Graces%20of%20Heaven.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### aran & lapix - KALACAKLA

Check out [this Loved set](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/706771) by [Ambrew](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7803396)!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/282/Songs/aran%20%26%20lapix%20-%20KALACAKLA.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### aran - Ripples (DJ Noriken Remix)

Check out [this osu! set](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/382686) by [Side](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3442339)!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/282/Songs/aran%20-%20Ripples%20(DJ%20Noriken%20Remix).mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

### Back 2 Life

Check out [this osu!mania set](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/884508) (excellent for beginners!) by [Leniane](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7138602)!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/282/Songs/aran%20-%20Back%202%20Life.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

---

> All of the above and so, so much more is available right now over at [**aran**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/282), pre-timed and awaiting your creative touch. Will your beatmapping creation become the next big thing? Only time will tell, and only you can make it happen in the first place, so get in to that listing, then out into the wide world of modding and mapping!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the above and so, so much more is available right now over at [**aran**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/282), pre-timed and awaiting your creative touch. Will your beatmapping creation become the next big thing? Only time will tell, and only you can make it happen in the first place, so get into that listing, then out into the wide world of modding and mapping!
```
